1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
By comparing a code that works with a new version of code that didn't, I was able to
easly spot the difference and figure out what was wrong.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?
When trying to add more features to an already working code, there is the risk of messing up the program.
By saving previous versions of the code, we can easily revert to an earlier, working version of the code.

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
PROS: By manually choosing when to commit, I can make sure that each version of the code
is complete. Different versions of the code are easy to follow.
CONS: Commits could be too small, or too large, making the gap between different versions
either too big or too small.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Changes in one file could require changes in another file aswell. In this case, it's a good ideea to
allow multiple file saves in one commit.

5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
I use git log to get a list of all the commits that have been made, along with a short description.
Then I use git diff along with the ids of the two commits that I want to compare.

6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
By knowing that I can always revert any changes I make, I will never fear breaking the code so bad that
I might have to start all over again. This allows me to try and experiment as much as I want.

7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I will use it for complex android projects that have many features and will require lots of changes.